representatives of Hamas the US and
Qatar are in Egypt as part of attempts
to agree a six- we ceasefire in Gaza but
Israel is pushing for a list of hostages
still alive in Gaza before it'll send a
delegation to the talks Hamas says
Israel must withdraw its forces before
there can be a deal on hostages pressure
for a truce has intensified since
Thursday when at least 112 people were
killed as crowds rushed towards an aid
Convoy in the north of the territory
amid Israeli Army gunfire overnight
another Israeli strike on Rafa in the
South killed 20 people including twin
babies according to health officials and
gaza's civil defense our senior
International correspondent Olan reports
from Tel Aviv you may find some of the
images in her report
upsetting a truce can't come soon
enough in Rafa another day of harrowing
loss Palestinians mourn for 20 members
of the Abu Ana
family killed in their beds by an
Israeli air strike according to hospital
officials and gaza's civil
defense among the dead femon old twins
as old as the war Naim and wisam laid
down gently with their relatives
their mother Ria spent 10 years trying
to have them and ured three rounds of
IVF now all she can cradle is their baby
clothes I gave birth during the war she
says it started on Saturday I gave birth
the next
Friday well
I didn't get enough of them I swear I
didn't get
enough I have no one else she says
they've gone with their father we were
sleeping I
swear Israel continues to say it takes
feasible precautions to lessen civilian
harm there were about 35 people in the
house says faruko Abu
Anza most of them children there were no
Fighters the house collapsed on them
three or four
stories in Israel too families in
anguish their loved ones trapped in
tunnels in Gaza they need to be released
now this weekend and they've been
pleading with their government to do a
deal to bring the hostages back
home toer is a very warm person you can
see his smile he a family person he has
four children lovely children how hard
is this time for the families this this
wait must seem
endless it's like a hell you know we are
in some of a loop since the October 7th
H we are living this day every day again
and again we have only one goal all
these days to bring him back alive to
his family to his children H this is the
only thing that's
matter but there will be no homecoming
for offer or any of the hostages without
a
ceasefire and no rest bite for mothers
like Rania burying their children in
Gaza I think it'll be several days
before we know if there will be a deal
or not Israel is insisting on a list of
the hostages who remain alive Hamas is
insisting it can't provide that
information while the war continues and
says anyway it's not holding all of the
hostages both sides are clearly still
trying to drive the hardest bargain that
they can but it's also very clear that
there is immense intern National
pressure growing pressure because there
are 30,000 Palestinians who have been
killed and there are increasing fears
about starvation in Gaza and here in
Israel hostage families have been
telling us that if the government does
not agree a truce it amounts to giving a
death sentence to their loved ones so
there are reasons for both sides to want
to do a deal that said there's no
guarantee that we will actually get one